I-I don't see anything. Stop
What to say and what not to say
You have to be measured, you know?
Say
What happened?
No, it was nothing. I just accidentally broke the plate.
Hey, dear.
Why didn't you tell me when you came back early?
So I can pick you up at the airport?
Isn't it your birthday tomorrow?
I wanted to surprise you.
how
Are you unhappy?
How come?
Happy birthday uncle
The tires are here for you, thank you, aunt.
I just want to have a good relationship with my future uncle
Thank you, Ling Ling.
Give it up.
You take any junk cake
This is also a piece of people's mind, oops.
What are you doing disgusting
Sorry.
Oh, I'm so sorry. What are you wiping?
The high and low are ruined by you
Not on purpose
Hurry up and wash
Uncle blames me
Auntie should hit me and scold me.
Don't hurt your kindness because of me
Don't worry, I'm here.
I won't let you suffer the slightest grievance.
You little bitch
Are you capable?
Are you crazy?